--- 
layout: post
title: Brief notes about the HTML in front end interview
author: Xinyue Xiang
---

We say that the three techs of the Web front-end: HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. They seem to be three different technologies, but in reality they are used in conjunction with each other.

# Definition

HTML is used to mark up content (focus on content organization)

HTML is the abbreviation of Hypertext Markup Language, which is a loose and simple marking language. It uses various tags to organize the elements on the page and tell the browser how to display the content.

Why is HTML not rigorous? Because even if the HTML tag is not closed, it will not affect the organization of the page content.

CSS is used to modify the content style (focus on the content style beautification display)

CSS is the abbreviation of Cascading Style Sheet, which is used to express the style of HTML files. Simply put, it is responsible for the display and typesetting of elements in HTML pages.

JavaScript is used for interaction

JavaScript is a scripting language that can run on the client side or on the server side. The interpreter of JavaScript is the JS engine, which is part of the browser. And JavaScript is mainly used to extend the document interaction capabilities, so that static HTML has certain interactive behaviors (such as form submission, animation special effects, pop-up windows, etc.).

# Frontend Interview Questions about HTML

## 1. What are the new features of html5 and those elements removed? How to deal with browser compatibility issues of HTML5 new tags? How to distinguish between HTML and HTML5?

### New features:

  1)HTML5 is no longer a subset of SGML, mainly about the addition of functions such as image, location, storage, and multitasking.
  
  2)Semantic tags: header footer nav section article aside, etc.
  
  3)Enhanced form: date (select a date from a date picker) email (input field containing e-mail address) number (input field of numeric value) range (input field of numeric value within a certain range) search (used for search field) ) tel (define input phone number field) etc.

  4)Video and audio: audio video
  
  5)Canvas drawing SVG drawing
  
  6)Geolocation: Geolocation
  
  7)Drag and drop API: drag
  
  8)web worker: JavaScript running in the background, independent of other scripts, and will not affect page performance
  
  9)web storage: localStorage sessionStorage
  
  10)WebSocket: HTML5 began to provide a protocol for full-duplex communication on a single TCP connection
  
  
### Remove elements:

  Purely expressive elements: basefont, big, center, font, s, strike, tt, u;
  
  Elements that have a negative impact on usability: frame, frameset, noframes;
  
### h5 new label compatible:

  IE8/IE7/IE6 supports tags generated by the document.createElement method,
  You can use this feature to make these browsers support HTML5 new tags,
  Of course, the best way is to directly use mature frameworks, the most used is html5shim framework
  <!--[if lt IE 9]>
  <script> src="http://html5shim.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/html5.js"</script>
  <![endif]-->
  
### How to differentiate:
  DOCTYPE declaration\new structural elements\functional elements
   
## 2. What are the common browser kernels? Introduce your understanding of the browser kernel

Trident kernel: IEGecko kernel: NETSCAPE6 and above, Firefox
Presto kernel: Opera7 and above. [Opera kernel was originally: Presto, now: Blink;]
Webkit core: Safari, Chrome, etc. [Chrome: Blink (a branch of WebKit)]

The browser kernel can be divided into two parts: rendering engine and JS engine. The rendering engine is mainly responsible for obtaining the content of the webpage, sorting information, calculating the display mode of the webpage, etc., while the JS engine is to analyze the Javascript language and execute the javascript language to realize the dynamic effects of the webpage.

## 3. Describe the difference between cookie, sessionStorage and localStorage

Similarities: All will be saved on the browser side, with size and same origin restrictions.

Difference:
  1. The cookie will be sent to the server with the request. As a session, the server can modify the cookie. Web storage will not be sent to the server upon request.
  2. Cookie has the concept of path. The child path can access the cookie of the parent path, and the parent path cannot access the cookie of the child path.
  3. Validity period: The cookie is valid within the set validity period, and the default is that the browser disappears when it is closed. sessionStorage becomes invalid after the session window is closed. LocalStorage is valid for a long time and needs to be deleted actively.
  4. SessionStorage cannot be shared, localStorage can be shared between documents of the same origin, and cookies can be shared between documents of the same origin and complying with the path rules.
  5. The modification of localStorage will trigger the update event of other documents.
  6. Cooie has a secure attribute that requires HTTPS transmission.
  7. The browser cannot save more than 300 cookies, a single server cannot exceed 20, and each cookie cannot exceed 4k. webStorage can support 5M storage.

## 4. How to realize the communication between multiple tabs in the browser

Use localStorage: localStorage.setItem(key,value), localStorage.getItem(key)
websocket protocol 
webworker

## 5. The difference between src and href

Difference: src is used to replace this element, and href is used to establish the relationship between this tag and external resources

<link href="style.css" rel="stylesheet" />When the browser is loaded here, the rendering and parsing of the html will not be suspended, and the loading of the css file is performed at the same time

<script src="script.js"></script> When the browser parses this code, the page loading and parsing will be suspended until the browser gets and executes the js file

## 6. The difference between Get and Post in form submission

Get is generally used to obtain data from the server, and Post transmits data to the server
The data transmitted by Get is spliced after the Url and is visible to the user; the transmitted data of Post is invisible to the user
The amount of data sent by Get is small and cannot be larger than 2KB. The amount of data transmitted by Post is large, and it is generally defaulted to be unlimited
Get security is very low, Post security is high
When FORM is submitted, if Method is not specified, it will default to Get request

## 7. How to solve cross-domain issues

  JSONP, CORS, cross subdomains by modifying document.domain, use window.name to cross domains, the newly introduced window.postMessage method in HTML5, and set up proxy pages on the server
  


## Ref
https://segmentfault.com/a/1190000018528413
https://www.cnblogs.com/cui-ting/p/11078833.html
https://segmentfault.com/a/1190000006984353
