--- 
layout: post
title: Brief notes about the CSS in front end interview
author: Xinyue Xiang
---

CSS (Cascading Style Sheets), the style defines how to display HTML elements, the syntax is: selector {property: value} (selector {property: value})

## 1. The difference between px and em and rem

px: pixel, relative length unit. The pixel px is relative to the monitor screen resolution. The em value is not fixed, and will inherit the font size of the parent element, representing a multiple
The value of rem is not fixed, it is always based on the root element <html>, which also represents a multiple.
  
## 2. What are the values of position

static: The default value. No positioning, the element appears in the normal flow. Relative (relative positioning): Generates a relatively positioned element, which is positioned relative to its normal (original itself) position
absolute (absolute positioning): Generate absolutely positioned elements, which are positioned relative to the first parent element other than static positioning
fixed (fixed positioning): Generate absolutely positioned elements, positioned relative to the browser window

## 3. The difference between display: none and visibility: hidden

The difference display: nonevisibility: whether hidden occupies space and does not occupy any space. When the document is rendered, the element does not exist (but still exists in the document object model tree). Whether the element space still exists, whether the rendering will trigger a reflow (reflow), proceed Rendering will only trigger repaint (repaint), because no position change is found. If the rendering is not performed, whether it is an inherited attribute or not an inherited attribute. The element and its child elements will disappear. It is an inherited attribute. If the child element uses visibility: visible, it will not be inherited. This descendant element will show up again

## 4. css box model, understanding of box-sizing attributes

The css box model is composed of content (content), padding (inner margin), border (border), and margin (outer margin). But the size of the box is determined by content+padding+border.

box-sizing is a CSS3 property, which is closely related to the box model. That is to determine how to calculate the width and height of the element, box-sizing has three attributes:

box-sizing: content-box|border-box|inherit:
content-box makes the width and height of the element the width and height of the content area (default mode)
border-box: calculation method content + padding + border = the size of its own element, that is, the content size is reduced
inherit specifies the value of the box-sizing property, which should be inherited from the parent element

## 5. css position

### static

Default value, no positioning, the element appears in the document flow

### absolute

Absolute positioning, the element is positioned relative to the first positioned parent element other than static positioning, which will cause the element to leave the document flow and not occupy space in the document flow

### relative

Relative positioning, the element is positioned relative to itself, will not make the element out of the document flow, the original position still occupies space

### fixed

Absolute positioning, the element is equivalent to the positioning of the browser window, will make the element out of the document flow, the original position does not occupy space

### inherit

Specifies that the element inherits the value of the position attribute from the parent class

